date: September 13, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [chserafi, tsmccorm, mtiruman, adybhav]
absent: [tm66]
excused_absences: [
  {ubit: tm66, reason: Had work, this was known before scheduling the meeting.}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: chserafi, progress: Created public and private Slack channels.},
  {ubit: mtiruman, progress: Created repository on GitHub.},
  {ubit: adybhav, progress: None},
  {ubit: tsmccorm, progress: Filled out group confirmation form.},
  {ubit: tm66, progress: None}
  ]
issues: [
  {}
  ]
Notes:  |
  Discussed the possibility of conflicting libraries between the Leap Motion and our developing environment.
  TA (Abhishek Kulkarni) suggested that we decide on and get familiar with one piece of hardware as soon as possible (Leap Motion confirmed).
  Discussed what was expected of us in the YouTube video, along with ways of recording one. Determined that a seperate YouTube channel should be created for the project.
  Discussed strategies for development, like stopping development on the Friday before a Sprint is due in order to focus on minute formatting and the YouTube video.
  Discussed long term goals and decisions, including the possibility of transfering similar functionality to other hardware, and long term stretch goals listed in meeting #1.
  Abhishek instructed us to set very clear roles for every memeber in the future. This will be done for greater clarity and communication.