date: October 6, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [chserafi, tsmccorm, mtiruman, abhavnan,tm66]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  {}
  ]
task_progress: [
  {ubit: chserafi, progress: Finished letters COQGB},
  {ubit: mtiruman, progress: Finished letters RWUVH},
  {ubit: abhavnan, progress: Finished letters ASTEX},
  {ubit: tsmccorm, progress: Finished letters PKDLF},
  {ubit: tm66, progress: Finished letters MINY}
  ]
issues: [
  {ubit: chserafi, issue: Increase accuracy for letters. Research machine learning},
  {ubit: mtiruman, issue: Increase accuracy for letters. Research machine learning},
  {ubit: abhavnan, issue: Increase accuracy for letters. Research machine learning},
  {ubit: tsmccorm, issue: Increase accuracy for letters. Research machine learning},
  {ubit: tm66, issue: Increase accuracy for letters. Research machine learning}
  ]
Notes:  |
  Discussed merging our individual branches into the Dev branch.
  Decided to have separate Sample source files for each of our designated letters so that we have the option of running specific letter breakdowns.
  Decided to add our individual helper functions to the Leap.h header file.
  Discussed Sprint 3 goals - Improve accuracy on all our letters, generalise the finger tracking approach, add motion/gesture recognition, splitting off
  letter recognition into a separate file and then simply call them from Sample.cpp, begin research on ML.
  Discussed gestures - Need someway to get previous Frame information, store the previous and current Frame and figure out a way to recognize it.
  Decided to have an in-depth meeting about letter recognition convention during our Wednesday group meeting.
